refactor: create LICENSE file for github discovery. (#4989)
tracim/tracim: LICENSE.md

Tracim is distributed under the terms of 4 distinct licenses:

- AGPLv3 for the Agenda application (`frontend_app_agenda` folder). The text of this license can be found in [LICENSE_AGPLv3](LICENSE_AGPLv3).
- LGPL for other frontend parts (`frontend` and `frontend_xxx` folders). The text of this license can be found in [LICENSE_LGPLv3](LICENSE_LGPLv3).

> - CC by SA for the provided welcome page background images (These are all the images whose path starts with `frontend/dist/assets/branding/welcome-simple-bg` in this repository). They are Copyright (c) Guénael Muller. The text of this license can be found in [LICENSE_CC_BY_SA](LICENSE_CC_BY_SA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CC-BY-SA for the provided welcome page background images (These are all the images whose path starts with `frontend/dist/assets/branding/welcome-simple-bg` in this repository). They are Copyright (c) Guénael Muller. The text of this license can be found in [LICENSE_CC_BY_SA](LICENSE_CC_BY_SA).
```
You should also give the version of the license.  @inkhey, which version? 4.0 or later?
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/

Reviewer: actually the original text was : "Their licence is the Creative Commons Public License Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported."

> - MIT License for all the remaining parts (backend stuff, functionnal tests, docker recipe, documentation, etc). The text of this license can be found in [LICENSE_MIT](LICENSE_MIT).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MIT License for all the remaining parts (backend code, functionnal tests, docker recipes, documentation, etc). The text of this license can be found in [LICENSE_MIT](LICENSE_MIT).
```
